README.md, before:

# Sentencing guidelines API prototype

A prototype API for providing offences and sentencing guidelines.

## Description

Currently, the process of requesting legal aid involves solicitors and providers using e-form to input all the necessary data. Caseworkers process each request from the e-form form backend and they import each one of them into MAAT cross-referencing the information submitted with the [sentencing guidelines website](https://www.sentencingcouncil.org.uk/offences/). 

## Goal

Produce an API that would allow us to look up sentencing guidelines programmatically and allow caseworkers to easily navigate through them so they can find guidelines in a more efficient and cosistent manner.

## Problems
- Guidelines are structured slightly differently.
- At the moment Case Workers process applications having lot of different pages opened in their browser (MAAT, Eform, the sentencing guidelines website)

## Running the app

- Create a virtualenv: `virtualenv env`
- Activate it: `source env/bin/activate`
- Install dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- Run the migrations `python manage.py migrate`
- Create a superuser account `python manage.py createsuperuser --email admin@example.com --username admin`
- Configure the local environment: `cp .env-local .env`
- Run the app `python manage.py runserver`

The app should then be available at http://127.0.0.1:8000/

Commit message:

Switch to postgres and import heroku stuff
See https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/django-app-configuration

README.md, after:

# Sentencing guidelines API prototype

A prototype API for providing offences and sentencing guidelines.

## Description

Currently, the process of requesting legal aid involves solicitors and providers using e-form to input all the necessary data. Caseworkers process each request from the e-form form backend and they import each one of them into MAAT cross-referencing the information submitted with the [sentencing guidelines website](https://www.sentencingcouncil.org.uk/offences/). 

## Goal

Produce an API that would allow us to look up sentencing guidelines programmatically and allow caseworkers to easily navigate through them so they can find guidelines in a more efficient and cosistent manner.

## Problems
- Guidelines are structured slightly differently.
- At the moment Case Workers process applications having lot of different pages opened in their browser (MAAT, Eform, the sentencing guidelines website)

## Set up a database for local development
Install postgres if you don't have it: https://postgresapp.com/

Create the database:
- `createdb sentencing_guidelines`

Start a `psql` shell and run:
- `CREATE USER sentencing_guidelines WITH PASSWORD '12345678';`

## Running the app
- Create a virtualenv: `virtualenv env`
- Activate it: `source env/bin/activate`
- Install dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- Run the migrations `python manage.py migrate`
- Create a superuser account `python manage.py createsuperuser --email admin@example.com --username admin`
- Configure the local environment: `cp .env-local .env`
- Run the app `python manage.py runserver`

The app should then be available at http://127.0.0.1:8000/
